Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Stop.
Wait. Time out.
Before we get started.
you should know
this is my story
that I had to piece together
from three different
time continuums.
You would never know that
any of this has ever happened
unless you heard it from me.
Because. well.
when time continuums change.
everything changes
and your present time
isn't the same as mine.
Before I enlighten you.
let me ask you something.
What would you do
if you could travel in time?
Would you manipulate
the stock market and get rich?
Or maybe you'd pursue
a more noble purpose
and help those in need?
Would you save people
from natural disasters
or horrible accidents?
Maybe you would say goodbye
to that special loved one
or fix your past mistakes
that hurt yourself or others?
Perhaps you would
sneak a peek at the future?
Would you go back and change
anything about your life
or just accept everything
as God's will?
Some people say that they
wouldn't change anything at all
and that their life
experiences. good and bad.
have made them who they are.
But what if someone else
changed time?
What if they went back
and changed a pivotal event
that completely changed
the course of history.
so much so that you and millions
of others never existed?
Three. two. one. Engage.
I've got him.
If you really are
the son of God...
...you can stop these bullets.
This is for taking my family.
That's me. Ram Goldstein.
the most brilliant genius
since Einstein.
I'm not bragging.
it's just fact.
My story is
a little hard to follow
for even the most avid
time traveler fans.
but don't be disheartened.
I'll help you follow along.
When two quantum objects photons
share the same wave functions
and occupy the same
space and time.
they are... identical.
What happens to one. in theory.
would happen to the other.
Yes. Oh. sorry.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
That's Amy.
She's a genius too!
It was love at first sight.
Stay.
Okay. well. at least it was
for one of us.
Back to Amy. we actually
fell in love in my basement.
I won her over
with my flair for fashion.
incredibly good looks.
and my dancing skills.
I'm really sorry.
I get hyper focused
and sometimes self-absorbed.
I get it. That might have been
the toughest test
I've ever taken.
Pretty sure I aced it.
No one's ever
going to ace this test.
I'll be the first.
Oh. really?
And just who are you?
Ram Goldstein.
Amy Lee.
If you're so brilliantly smart.
how come I've
never heard of you?
I graduated MIT
over five years ago.
I do contract work
out of my basement.
So you live with your parents?
Well. it's kind of like
a financial arrangement.
um. more like they live with me.
Well. maybe if you're
in the top four scores.
you can make
half a million a year.
you can afford to move out.
It's actually reduction
in my income.
but I'm fascinated
by the prospect.
Hmm.
Bet you dinner tonight
you didn't ace the test. Deal?
Yes. No. I mean.
the scores won't
be tabulated until next week.
-we won't be able to--
-Ram. it wasn't really
about the scores.
And you're buying.
That's Brandt.
He was a real bad ass.
a decorated war hero
that single-handedly saved
15 hostages
from an overrun embassy.
But. right after that.
he retired and became
a family man.
Now he's a security director
at the facility.
You may not be saving the world.
but you're a hero to them.
And you're my hero too. darling.
That British accent.
Hey. you okay?
I'm having this feeling
that God is going
to do something...
...really miraculous
through you.
No--
It took them three months
to make the announcement.
-but we're finally famous!
-Oh. yeah. about time
somebody recognized
my greatness.
You mean. besides yourself?
That's Simon.
He's my best genius friend.
He's funny and cool.
but his attitude gets us
into a lot of trouble.
There's a picture!
They made me hide Happy.
That's Felix.
He's your stereotype genius.
Even carries around
a stuffed penguin called Happy.
This is gonna look great
on our résumés.
We won't be needing résumés
if we can't get this completed.
How about getting back to work?
Ram. if you're
the smartest dude in the world.
how come you can't figure out
that we just need to chill out
-every now--
-Simon. can you focus
for just a few minutes?
I really need to test
this algorithm.
You always got
some big new idea.
a bunch of flashing lights
and nothing moves.
I bet you a steak dinner
nothing happens.
Don't be messing around.
The one time
this works and boom.
you're molecules
will be splattered
all over the universe.
Clear.
Seriously. Simon. clear!
-The chair!
It ain't going nowhere.
Put the rubber ball on the pad.
Remember. we get
a two million dollar bonus
if we get this thing to work.
Transport the chair!
Every time you pray
and nothing ever happens.
-Don't mock me.
-You're right.
I'm sorry. Just because
I believe in science
doesn't give me the right
to make fun of your belief.
God works in mysterious ways.
And he might
just be working through you.
Have you ever thought
about that?
Yeah. For about this long.
Okay. let's give it a shot.
Come on. steak dinner.
Get down!
Daddy. look at that one!
Looks like an elephant!
God...
why?
But I served you.
I played this life
by your rules.
I've done everything
that you've ever asked me.
You take my family.
What kind of God are you?
-
You're nasty.
Can I at least get cleaned up?
You are not to speak to anyone
or leave this area
until Ahmed arrives.
This is so bad.
Ahmed himself is coming.
Less than three months
on the job and we are toast.
At least we're alive.
This was a good gig for me.
I'm sorry. guys. this is on me.
I'll take the blame and maybe
they'll keep you guys on board.
Blowing up a lab
doesn't necessarily mean
we're being fired. right?
I mean. it's what
scientists do sometimes.
Hey. don't worry. Ram.
Ahmed is a good man.
He always takes
care of his people. eh.
You guys blew up my lab.
-It was my fault.
I should've followed
the protocol.
I accept the consequences
for my actions.
Ram Goldstein.
the man who aced my test.
It makes perfect sense
that you would do this.
And they didn't know
what I was doing.
Maybe you should tell me
what the consequences should be.
Watch this video and tell me
exactly how you think
I should handle this.
Press play.
It moved to the other pad!
Two quantum objects
occupying the same wave
should co-exist.
What happens to one
happens to the other.
-Both chairs were--
-You four have done something
in less than three months
that none of my best teams
have been able to do in years.
-Sabeer.
seal this room exactly as it is.
This is history in the making.
You four will be famous
for creating matter transfer.
Follow me.
You are now my top team.
Happy. we're gonna be famous!
Hey. Ram? You know I was kidding
about that steak dinner. right?
Oh. snaps! This is nice!
This is your new home.
You'll have the finest equipment
and all the resources you need
to pull this off.
and there will be a ten million
dollar bonus for each of you.
Oh. I'm down for that.
Each? Let's get started.
I think a shower is in order.
And then take
the rest of the evening off.
You expect Ram
to take the night off?
That would be great.
wouldn't it. Ram?
-Or we could
start getting to work now.
-
It's a big project. Uh...
Okay. we'll take the night off.
- Come in.
Reporting for duty. sir.
Captain Brandt.
Please. sit down.
Again. we're sorry for the loss
of your wife and daughters.
Yeah.
-How are you?
-I'm fine.
It's only been a few weeks.
-Don't you need
some more time off?
-If it's alright with you. sir.
-I'd prefer to stay busy.
-
Enter!
What do you need me to do
about the explosion?
I've got it handled.
Sabeer. I wasn't talking to you.
Look. we're on the verge
of something big.
Nothing is more important than
the secrecy of this project.
I'll make sure
that it stays secure.
Did you hire the security team
that I advised?
-Yes.
-Perfect.
I'll take over
coordinating them with our team.
That's fine.
I just don't want them knowing
anything about our project.
Keep them on the perimeter.
Seriously.
take all the time you need.
It is important to grieve.
The more time I take
to think about it...
...the angrier I get with God.
Because he did not stop it?
He didn't stop it.
Caused it. allowed it.
It doesn't really matter.
My family is dead
and he did nothing.
No father
should ever have to bury...
-...his own children--
-Again. we're sorry
for your loss.
I felt the same way
when I lost my parents.
-
Father God.
have mercy.
No! No. no!
No! Mom!
-No! No!
-
Bring him.
He will pay for this.
If it's alright with you.
sir. can we--
can we please move on?
Sure.
While you were away.
I put Sabeer in charge.
Let's keep it that way
for a few weeks.
That way you can come
and go without stress.
Sir. I don't think it's smart
to have Sabeer
in charge of anything.
-Ever.
-It's only for a few more weeks.
You're the boss.
This is
a lot harder than I thought.
It's only been a few weeks.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
You know. I think
I might know the problem.
Come look at this.
Hey. Hey!
What are they doing?
Working in the server room
is my favorite part of the day.
So this is work?
Don't twist my words.
you know what I mean.
Seriously.
why do we have to hide?
There are cameras
and microphones everywhere.
it's just awkward.
Get some mics in there.
-I want to know
what they're saying.
- Okay.
-That's perplexing.
-What?
I'm about to find out.
What are you doing?
Someone's using a secure line
to communicate with the outside.
I'm gonna find out who.
Oh my gosh.
-That's Rashaad Amir.
Rashaad Amir is the most wanted
terrorist in the world.
-He orchestrated the attack
of 12 embassies in one day.
-Give me a progress report.
We can use it in its current
state. but it's not stable.
How is the situation
with the American?
-He's under control.
-
Everything explodes
when you transfer it.
Isn't that what we want?
Yes. But if these kids
keep doing their job.
it won't be long
before we can transfer
supplies. bombs and more.
We can strike
any GPS coordinate.
-Make sure you get this right.
-Got it.
Extremists killed
Ahmed's parents.
Why would he work with them?
It must be Stockholm syndrome.
We have to tell the FBI.
Wait. if they find out.
they'll kill us.
I know they trace
our phone calls and texts.
Just act like nothing happened.
Once we're off the property.
I'll contact Homeland Security.
I'm fried. This is hopeless.
Einstein. test item 435.
-Initiate.
- Initiating transfer.
-I don't know what's wrong.
-What's wrong is
you keep trying
the same equations
over and over again.
Huh? Isn't that
the definition of insanity?
You're right.
Let me see if I can think
of something else to try.
Weight. distance.
photons. matter. volume.
Transfer
from there to here
requires energy. wave length.
distance and GPS coordinates.
I've covered every variation.
What's missing?
I carried the ball over
and it took--
It's gonna take
a few seconds for the ball...
...to get from there to here.
If I don't compensate
for those seconds.
then I'm trying
to send the ball...
...into the past.
Uh. you guys look fried.
I have an idea.
-Lunchtime!
What? It's only 11!
-Yeah. but--
-Hey!
I'm hungry. aren't you?
Come on. let's go.
Here we go.
I'd like to use the restroom.
I'll meet you guys down there.
What are you doing?
I can do it.
-No. you can't.
Do you know what happens
if you're successful?
Don't worry.
they won't catch me.
Be careful.
Einstein. test item 436.
-Initiate.
-Initiating transfer.
1.45. two seconds.
If I want matter to transfer.
I have to compensate.
I know they're watching me.
so I'll just set the ball
on the outside edge
of the field perimeter
and use a little
unnoticeable eraser
as the real test item.
Einstein. test item 437.
-Initiate.
-Initiating transfer.
He's hiding something.
Get me some more camera angles.
Another one.
Time travel.
Step away from the computer!
He said step away!
You have some explaining to do.
This makes me rather curious.
In my wildest expectations.
I would've never figured
that you would create
time travel.
And yet. somehow you've done it.
My mind is racing
with the possibilities.
You're going to be famous
and very. very rich.
It's not gonna happen.
Look.
You've been working for me.
you've been compensated by me.
Everything you create
belongs to me.
Your contract makes
that very clear.
Transferring matter
was bad enough.
but time travel in your hands...
I guess Sabeer
and Kabil were right.
You've been spying on me.
But don't get me wrong.
All I want is to go back
in time and stop the men
that killed my parents.
Surely you would do the same
if someone killed
your parents. wouldn't you?
Of course.
But changing time would create
an overriding time continuum.
So no one will know
the difference. Who cares?
If you change history
in the slightest way.
you. me.
we might not even exist.
The benefits outweigh the risks.
What if I could kill Hitler
before he came to power?
Wouldn't you do that?
Imagine the world today
without Hitler.
Who's to say the next guy
wouldn't be even more
destructive?
Perhaps Allah wants me
to work through him
to make things right.
Perhaps you can explain
why Allah let Hitler rise
to power in the first place
if he now has to use you
to correct his mistake.
How dare you insult Allah!
I thought I could be reasonable.
I guess I'll have to resort
to something much more painful.
-It doesn't matter--
Take him
to the confinement room.
I've got to talk to Rashaad.
A time machine
changes everything.
-
-What? I can't hear you.
If you're gonna gag somebody.
you should probably
tie their hands
behind their backs. imbecile.
-
Come on. come on.
What do we have?
I can't get anything.
He encrypted and deleted it.
And he shredded it too.
There's no way to get it back.
You're useless! All of you. out!
Go! You too. get out!
Meet me in the warehouse.
Sir. Brandt is on campus.
Bring him.
Brandt.
We have a problem.
Ram is on the contract with us.
Anything he creates
is our property.
He was successful.
but he destroyed the code
and erased the data.
He won't divulge
any information.
It is my intellectual property.
If he gets out.
he can sell it for billions.
We have to stop him.
Tell me what you want me to do.
I need him to talk.
You have the means. right?
I...
I'll get you what you need.
He's not answering.
He's not here.
Something is very wrong.
Don't worry. He's probably
doing a mad scientist thing.
We'll find him.
Good news!
Ram has made
an incredible discovery
and the US Military has
classified it as top secret.
The bad news is
none of you have clearance.
so you'll no longer
be able to work with him.
Is it the matter transfer?
As I said. it is top secret.
Suffice it to say you can
no longer work on this project
until we give you that approval.
What? Are we going to get paid?
Each of you
will receive your bonus.
But let me be clear.
This is classified.
You cannot contact anyone
outside of this institute
for any reason.
You may not leave
until we give you permission.
Right now. you need
to turn in your cell phones
and all other
electronic devices.
Wait. where's Ram?
Don't worry. Ram is working
with the US Military's finest.
He's perfectly safe.
-
Tell me!
Progress report.
He's got
some strong convictions.
But I'll get your code. just
a matter of time. he'll break.
Let's see
if we can speed time up.
Sit.
- I seem to recall.
you said if someone
killed your parents.
you would go back
in time to save them.
Any last words for your parents?
-No.
-Just give me
what is rightfully mine
and everyone walks away.
If I tell you.
you'll still kill us.
It's your choice.
Go ahead and live
and die by your logic.
I didn't sign up for this.
You work for me.
In the hallway. now.
We aren't really going
to kill them.
I'm just being persuasive.
And even if I did.
we can just use the time machine
to bring them back.
-That's the point.
-Time machine?
You're telling me
he invented a time machine?
Just give me
a little bit more time.
You've been
through a tough time.
You lost your family.
I understand.
Take your mind off things.
go back to the office.
We'll handle this.
I'm going to kill
your father in seven seconds
if you don't give me the code.
Six. five...
No.
Anything. anything. Please.
-...four. three...
-No. No! No!
-...two. one!
-Shoot the father!
- No!
- No! No!
-Wait. No!
- Ready to talk?
-Or do I kill your mother?
-Fuck--
-Look at me. Ram!
-
Don't worry.
He'll only be dead
in this time continuum.
Five seconds! Four.
three. two...
-...look at them. One.
-No!
Shoot the mother.
I know your pain.
I've been there.
But you can change it all back.
Watching your parents die
was a piece of cake
compared to what's next.
Sabeer.
keep him comfortable
until I return.
This is not my fault.
I am not the bad guy here.
This is because of you. God!
You made me this way.
you put me in this position.
If you want me to believe...
...in you. I need proof.
I need something. anything.
How can I trust in you
if you won't even show up?
Anything that happens
from this moment on...
...that's on you.
It has come to my attention
that you have developed
a bit of an attraction
for your coworker.
You know I won't talk.
Oh. you're mistaken.
I learned this lore of torture.
Day after day.
slowly cutting off pieces
of Amy's beautiful body.
Blinding her beautiful eyes...
-...and eventually
peeling her skin off.
-
Let's see.
Let's start
by sticking an ice pick
into one of Amy's eyes.
How long will you hold out?
Watching your Amy
tortured every day.
knowing that you were the cause.
You have five seconds.
Four. three. two--
Wait!
I don't know
if I can control time.
I have no way of knowing
if I can send humans through it.
If you can't send
humans back in time.
you can never save your parents.
-Three. two--
-Stop! Just stop.
If you let me go back in time
and save my parents.
then I will finish
the time machine.
Just no more violence.
Of course you can save
your parents.
It'll take time.
Different molecular structures
will need to be calibrated.
transferring a human
is gonna be complex.
You have three days.
Try anything
even remotely suspicious
or attempt to let
anyone know what is happening
-and Amy--
-I got it.
This is his home
for the next three days.
Don't ever leave him alone.
Keep the cameras
on him full time.
I want two people
watching him 24/7.
-Got it?
-Yes. sir.
Three days.
No stalling.
And no games.
I know that
once I get this built
they will no longer
have use for Amy. Simon.
Felix or myself.
I'm sure they've already
made plans for us to die
in an unfortunate lab explosion.
I only have one hope.
I have to create
the time machine
without letting them know
it's functional
and then sneak back in time
to change all of this.
But they are watching
my every move.
I'm hoping
that I can bore them to death
or lull them to sleep.
Fire it up.
It's only partially functional.
There are still incongruencies
-and I haven't completed
all the safe--
-Fire it up.
Initiating transfer.
Step up.
But. sir.
maybe the kid should step up
-because he made it
and he might--
-Get on the time pad.
Hang on.
he's gonna need one of these.
Einstein. initiate
timestamp on retriever.
Completed at 11:50 pm.
What's this?
The retrievers are needed
to travel into the past
or the future.
Without one. you can transfer.
but your molecules
will explode within seconds.
It also tracks your vitals.
so if you were to perish.
it would reclaim his body.
-Wait. would ha-- what?
Wha-- say that again.
-Step into the field.
How do you feel?
-
-I didn't feel anything.
-Walk around.
It's good! Everything is good.
Good job everyone! We did it!
Initiating transport.
Oh. Ram.
You didn't think that
we saw you programming
while pretending to be asleep?
You're so predictable.
-I'll take that.
-Well. just at least
let me finish it.
So you can try and sneak
back in time again?
I don't think so.
What about my parents?
Seriously. Ram?
You thought that I would keep
my word for a split second?
-Bastard!
-You're dumber than you look.
-
Take him to confinement.
You're still mad at God
for your wife and family. right?
Yeah.
I have
the perfect mission for you.
You're mad at Jesus.
But wouldn't it be great to know
if he was the real deal
or just a myth?
And how would you prove that?
Prepare a full combat team
and let me enlighten you.
Take a break.
You two. stay here.
Don't be judgmental
or hating on Muslims.
Ahmed is an extremist.
There's a big difference.
We can't kill him.
Jesus is a prophet.
we should honor him.
Yes. and that's
what we will be doing.
When he died. his disciples
created the resurrection myth.
which gave birth
to Christianity.
-We can correct that.
-But if we kill him.
we'll all be cursed.
Just the opposite.
Allah would honor us.
We would be correcting
the greatest deception
of all time.
He will be remembered
as a great prophet.
but not as the son of God.
Jesus would want that.
And we will be effectively
dismantling Christianity.
If we get caught.
we are going to be so fired.
That's the least
of our concerns.
We have to find him.
Release the other cameras
and keep this room looping.
-Presto.
-Search for Ram.
I don't see him anywhere.
Try our lab.
Guys. what are Ahmed
and those combat guys doing?
They're using Einstein.
but for what?
If Ram created matter transfer.
they can go anywhere
GPS coordinates can take them.
-They did it. they're gone!
-
-Oh. what?
We're gonna get some money!
-It doesn't matter.
Focus on finding Ram.
Bingo!
-Where is he?
Uh. that's the south warehouse.
Checking for guards.
-None.
-Can you clear a path
to get us there?
-No problem.
-Okay.
-Are you okay?
-We have a problem.
Ahmed killed my parents
and he was going to torture
and kill you guys.
-so I agreed to build
a time machine.
- A time machine?
-Yeah. Long story.
-They already did it.
They sent Brandt
and a team somewhere already.
If they transfer back in time.
they'll alter history.
We have to go.
All good?
-Check.
-Yes. sir.
-Yeah.
-Find him.
Got them.
Target acquired. Rally on me.
You two. on Sabeer.
Flank him. Go.
You two. on me.
Need to verify target.
Target verified.
Three. two. one. Engage.
I've got him.
Kill the rest.
If you really are...
...the son of God...
...you can stop these bullets.
Unless I allow it.
No.
You are not giving me your life.
I am taking it from you!
I have already died for you.
Do what you must.
This is for taking my family.
Bag him.
Leave the arm with the time
retriever hanging out.
Did he just speak English?
In 33 A.D.? Don't be a moron.
You smart off to me
like that again. you will be
picking up your teeth.
We've done
what we came to do. Let's go.
Transfer now.
I wanted you to stop it.
Now you know...
...what I feel.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Look! They came back.
-They're wearing my retrievers.
-Retrievers?
Without the retrievers.
they can transfer.
but their molecules
would explode.
Is that a body?
Uh. it sure looks like one.
This could be our chance.
I'll go back in time.
expose Ahmed. make sure
time travel never happens.
Felix. can you clear a path
to lab one and loop
all the cameras?
I can't believe
you guys keep asking
such obvious questions.
Felix. disable the door.
Ahmed changed time
depending on the circumstances.
-we might not exist
in a few minutes.
- Say what?
Look. if whatever he did
affected us. wouldn't we
have changed already?
Time doesn't change
instantaneously.
-it has to rewrite itself.
-Rewrite itself?
It's like the speed of light.
It appears to move instantly.
-but light has a speed.
-So that's why everything
was blowing up on the time pad.
Exactly. We were inadvertently
splitting the time continuum.
So time must
have catched up with itself.
Exactly. like overwriting data
in a hard drive.
The old time continuum
is written over
as the new data is received.
That could take minutes.
hours. possibly longer.
depending on how far back
in time they went.
Got it. Doors are secured.
So you're telling me
it's possible that
it already happened
and we're already
in a new time continuum?
Sure. if they changed
something minor.
But if Ahmed killed
someone important.
we might cease to exist.
- Access denied.
-Can you get us out of here?
Einstein. initiate retrievers.
Initialized timecode. 1:50 am.
Quick. come put these on.
Override door locks at lab one.
-Coordinates denied.
-What?
-Access denied.
They went
really far back in time.
-We're gonna have
to go back further.
-
Hurry. Ram.
they're overriding me!
Einstein. program
last known coordinates.
Initiating transfer.
-Sorry.
-Thanks.
I don't know about you guys...
-I'm going this way.
- Yeah.
Hold on. Hold-- hold on.
Yo. what are we running for?
What was that light?
Must have been Ahmed's guys.
This is the same time
they materialized.
Are we safe from the time
continuum overwriting?
Uh...
...we transferred
from continuum A
and materialized in continuum B.
which is a part of continuum A.
but by being here.
in theory we're creating
a new continuum. C.
Time can't loop itself.
we should be fine.
Wait. hol-- slow that down
and say that again.
If B overwrites A.
then there won't be
a time continuum
for us to return to.
Nothing to go back to?
We're just stuck here?
I don't know yet.
It's Jesus.
Stop running!
I get it. Eliminate Christianity
by killing Jesus
before the resurrection.
Ahmed just killed off every
Christian that ever existed.
Why would Muslims do that?
It makes no sense!
They wouldn't. But Ahmed
is part of an extremist group.
This can't be happening.
Jesus is God.
he can't be killed by men.
That's not factually correct.
he was actually killed by men.
He wouldn't allow it
to happen this way.
Okay. let's look at this
from your perspective.
If Jesus is God. then he would
only allow this to happen
if he had
another purpose. right?
If he can control time.
then he can inherently create
-several time continuums.
each one different.
-Guys.
can we talk theology later?
-We need to get home
before time changes.
-Okay.
If continuum B
has overwritten continuum A.
there's nothing for us
to go back to.
Our genes will be splattered
across the universe.
However. it's safe to assume
that 2.000 years is
an enormous amount of data
to overwrite itself.
That could take anywhere
from a year to...
-...maybe ten minutes?
-Ten minutes?
What are we waiting for.
man? Let's go.
Our chances of success improve
if we split into groups.
Amy and I will go first.
then you two follow.
They might be waiting for us.
If we're killed.
it'll be up to you two.
Let's say you guys
do get killed. right?
How do we fix this?
There's a default code
I programmed
while pretending to be asleep.
Say to Einstein.
"Mom and Dad default."
It takes you back
to the warehouse
about ten minutes before
they killed my parents.
You'll have to stop them.
and free me.
Oh. man. this--
All right. man.
Let's do this.
-Mm-hmm.
-Okay.
Hold down both simultaneously.
-Ready.
-Three. two. one.
Hurry!
Mine's not working. try yours.
-
-What are we gonna do?
-I don't know yet.
Let's hope we're a good enough
distraction for Simon and Felix.
This might still be operational.
If I can reprogram
this first machine.
I might be able
to transfer us out of here.
-What happened here?
-We're prepping the machine.
and Ram and Amy just appeared
on the transfer pad.
-What?
-That's impossible.
I locked him in the cell myself.
Take the team. track them down.
Lock it down.
Nobody comes or goes.
Lockdown. lockdown. Apprehend
Ram Goldstein and Amy Lee.
Say again.
They found them. They've
barricaded themselves in lab 19.
Get out of my way!
Get the saw!
This is inaccurate.
We must be in an alternate
time continuum. but how?
What time did Einstein
program our retrievers?
-It was 1:50 am.
-No. it's only 1:20 am. now.
We came back before we left?
If we were gone for 30 minutes.
we should have roughly returned
around 2:20 am.
Wait. daylight savings time.
It started tonight.
Einstein's clock resets at 2:20.
it must have overcompensated
and sent us back an hour early.
Give me your time retriever.
These won't work anymore.
-I need to sync them with...
-
...this phone.
1:20 I was... oh!
-What are you doing?
-You're not
the only genius here.
As soon as she figured out
the daylight savings time issue.
she knew that the other Amy.
Felix and Simon
were in the server room
searching for me.
-That was in the original
time continuum.
-"Ahmed used...
...Ram's time machine
to go back in time
and kill Jesus!
You must free Ram from the south
warehouse and stop them.
Ahmed does not know
that you exist. Hurry!"
-Okay. I'm almost done.
Get on the time pad.
I'm dead.
No. you just warned yourself.
We got to free Ram
and change this.
Targets are down.
Let's go.
I got him. Let's go get him.
All right.
-Get out. Get up. Get out now.
- Come on. Let's go!
-Let's go!
-Go!
Get you-- get your-- get out!
You. get out!
-
-This might take a few minutes.
-We don't have a few minutes.
-Hurry. Ram. I don't know
if I can hold them out!
Setting destination.
Ten minutes prior
to the last transfer.
Initiating transfer.
-Initiate time retriever.
-Confirmed. 1:40 am.
Quick. come put these on!
What are these?
Uh. time retrievers.
Just put one on
if you want to live.
And get into the time field.
Hey. we gotta go.
Ram and Amy have been waiting
for you for like 30 minutes now.
No. you go. I'll stay here.
We talked about this.
That's not an option.
Everything's gonna be
all right. I got you.
Besides. Happy needs you.
Yeah. Happy needs me.
-Yeah.
-
What these are gonna do
against their guns?
Look. I said I got you. okay?
Now. come on.
let's go. On three.
One... two... three.
Oh. no! No. no. no. no. no!
How did you get here?
Scotty beamed me down
from the Enterprise.
-
You two. keep working.
Find out what happened.
The rest of you.
bring Felix with me.
How did you get into my lab?
Don't you really know?
Time travel.
Oh. man. it started.
What is this? What started?
Your men went back in time and
killed Jesus and his disciples.
-Liar. we did not do this.
-Yes. you did.
Now the timeline
is overriding itself.
This is your world.
This can't be right.
The world that you created.
A world without forgiveness.
Remember us using the time
machine and fleeing lab one?
-It worked!
-Well.
this is us landing in 33 A.D.
I programmed us to arrive
ten minutes before Ahmed
and his guys.
We'll have
the element of surprise.
And how is that supposed
to help us against their guns?
I have an idea.
but they'll only be vulnerable
while they're materializing.
Everybody geared up.
strapped up. locked and loaded.
We don't know
what we'll be stepping into.
Oh. yeah!
It's time to get dirty.
No. no. no!
Did any of them get away?
Uh... Brandt and Sabeer
went off the cliff.
-The rest are dead.
-Go after them. Ram.
Don't let them kill Jesus.
I can't leave you.
I added a safety protocol.
If the retriever detects
no pulse--
Ram. you have to make sure.
Save Jesus!
If Jesus is God. I think
he can take care of himself.
Make sure!
Okay.
I see one of them.
-I don't want to leave you.
-Please... do this for me.
-Okay.
-
Okay. Let's stop the bleeding.
This is gonna hurt.
Okay. just don't--
just don't die. okay?
I'll come back.
Brandt. is that you?
It would be me.
Remember Simon
that got stuck in the past?
He's been there a full day
and getting a little testy.
Ram. listen. if you can hear me.
I'm still stuck down here
and I would really like
to go home.
so can you please beam me up?
Country. please.
Uh. hey. uh. are you okay?
Uh... No speako Grieco?
Has my father sent you?
What? You speak English?
Are you Jesus?
It is I.
What is your purpose here?
Purpose? Uh...
...I think I'm here to save you.
Listen. if you go back
to your camp.
men will come and shoot you.
You know it. shooting. shoot.
I'm sorry. Jesus.
What you describe cannot be so.
It's a lot better
than the other way.
Listen. a mob comes.
and they take you.
and then they beat you.
and then they whip you.
and then they nail spikes
through your hands and feet.
and they hang you on a cross.
It ain't pretty.
How do you know
all these things?
Well. uh... I'm from the future.
And I've seen your movie.
We got it on bootleg.
Forgive me. Lord. I'm sorry.
But. uh.
they mess you up pretty bad.
And what of my disciples?
Well. if they don't get
slaughtered by the assassins.
then...
...I think Peter
gets crucified upside down.
Father.
please don't let this be.
If it is already so
you can still change things.
For the sake of one.
You are the creator of all time.
You can change
whatever you desire.
Please grant me this.
Allow Peter to live.
Listen. don't get bummed out.
all right? I--
I might be wrong
about the whole Peter thing.
I kind of turned off your movie
when your flesh
starts flying around
and sticking and stuff.
What else do you know
of me in your future?
The book that you wrote.
the Bible?
It's the most read book
in history.
I mean. you--
you have millions of believers.
Praise you. Father.
Thank you for sharing
this with me.
Your words are encouraging.
-You have given me strength.
-Gosh.
I must now lay down my life
for the sins of this world.
What?
That's not even close
to what I said. man.
I'm trying to help you escape.
If there was another way.
I would welcome it.
But there is not.
What you doing.
some mind reading? Okay.
Simon. If I do not give my life.
you will die
and never be with me in heaven.
Well. if that's the case.
go ahead and do your thing.
It's your life.
No. no. no. no.
Jesus. Jesus. Jesus.
Hey. it's a joke. Jesus.
Don't do it.
I'm just joking with you.
Thank you for helping me
tomorrow.
Seriously. man.
don't do this to yourself.
Look. giving away your life
is one thing. but...
...knowing that they
about to put the hurt on you?
There's gotta be
another way to save the world.
Ju-- just gotta be. man.
I know what is going
to happen to me...
...and if you had finished
my movie.
you would know
that I'll be back.
"I'll be back?"
That ain't even your movie.
Sabeer. I'm gonna find you.
you coward.
Why are you making this so hard?
Peter?
With Jesus?
-Peter with Yeshua.
I saw you with that sword.
You cut off the guy's ear.
It's gonna be okay.
Stop. don't go that way.
They'll kill you.
Stop. they'll kill you.
What happened here?
We don't know what happened...
...but they're all dead.
Gunshot wounds to the kids.
Sticks in our guys.
This is strange.
Brandt and Sabeer
must have sent the bodies back.
Is it possible to retrieve
any of them here?
No. but I think I can disable
Amy and Ram's time retrievers.
That will keep them
from returning.
Do it and clean up this mess.
Team report.
It's Sabeer.
I thought you were a goner.
I'm glad you're wrong.
And the team?
All dead.
I don't know
how many of the geniuses died.
After we fell off the cliff.
Ram came after me.
You mean after you
pulled me off the cliff?
-And Ram?
-He... sort of got my weapon.
Why does that not surprise me?
Did you find Jesus?
A-- a bunch of soldiers
came and took him.
That's what's supposed
to happen. right?
I'm gonna check
on your injuries. okay?
We have to return
and get you to a hospital.
They'll kill us as soon
as we materialize.
Perhaps. But if we stay here.
you won't have a chance.
I'm not gonna let
you risk your life--
I'd rather die trying
to save you than live
knowing that I didn't.
We have to try.
No. Ram. No.
Three. two. one.
What?
No. no. no. no.
Oh. they must have
deactivated them.
What does that mean?
We're stranded here
with no way to get back.
Ram. I'm cold.
Please hold me.
-Let's just go.
-No.
Finish what we came here to do.
-Why aren't you taking your gun?
-No guns.
It's recon only.
Cover that up.
Hurry up already.
It's just a tomato.
-Back off.
-
I said back off.
Why? Why you going
to go through with this?
Stay down. okay?
I can't.
I have to finish this.
I must... finish.
-Hey. stop hitting him.
Help me. please.
-Come on. man.
Come on. man.
I got you. all right?
I got you.
Help.
Doctor? Healer?
-Physician?
No. I said I need a doctor!
Baby. Baby.
Well. if you're who you say
you are. then please heal her.
She risked her life for you.
Do you even understand
what I'm saying?
You're wasting your time.
Sabeer.
He can't even save himself.
We deserve this fate.
He's done nothing wrong.
He's dying just like us.
He is nothing but a criminal.
- Jesus...
...please. forgive me.
Remember me...
...when you enter your kingdom.
You will be with me...
...in paradise.
He tried to kill you!
And me!
He shot Amy!
If you're God.
wouldn't you know that?
And now you're forgiving him?
Your forgiveness means nothing!
Prove that you're God!
Come down off that cross
and heal Amy!
You're supposed
to be a genius...
...and you're asking him
for help.
Shut up. Sabeer.
Please!
Please. save her.
Please.
You're nothing but a fraud.
And now she's gonna die
because of you.
To save Amy.
you must forgive Brandt.
I'll never forgive him.
Or you.
Ram! Ram!
-Simon?
Man. where have you been?
What happened to Amy?
They killed you. How--
What? Back it up.
I'm still alive. man.
Nobody killed me.
-I've been stuck here.
-Stuck here? You came with me.
Wait. were you
with the first me? The other me?
First me?
What are you talking about?
The original me returned
from the past
and then I sent us back here
to save Jesus. And we did.
But now we're stuck here.
Why are you here?
You gave me
the cereal box version
and it blew up on me
like three times. man.
Solar eclipse.
Man. you know.
all this historical stuff
is incredibly accurate.
-It doesn't prove that he's God.
-Yo. hold up.
I was with him. all right?
Just because
Jesus may not be God.
doesn't mean
he doesn't think he is.
God or man. he's worthless
if he doesn't care about
the ones who love him.
I'm telling you.
there's something special
about this dude.
He even knows English.
English! It hasn't
even been created yet.
It doesn't matter!
Ahmed deactivated
our retrievers.
We need to find the ones
that Brandt and Sabeer
were using.
Or we'll never get home.
-How did this get here?
-I don't know.
They just materialized
on the transfer pad.
It is Brandt or Sabeer's.
Reprogram the machine
and send another team back.
Find Ram and kill him.
I can't.
All the retrievers are fried.
This is our only one.
Then I will go.
His body will be in the tomb.
When they come to steal it.
I'll kill them all.
You should let me go.
No. this is an honor I want.
Jesus might have been a prophet.
but he isn't God.
I can prove it.
Dead as dead can be.
Now I'll wait for your friends
to show up.
There'll be nobody
to remember you.
Simon.
Simon?
What?
How could he forgive Brandt
and not save Amy?
And then tell me that I have
to forgive Brandt too.
-Who are you talking about?
-Jesus!
That's what he told me.
What? He talked to you?
You were just gonna leave me
hanging as if I was
the only fool
that heard him speaking English?
Assuming just for a second
that he could be God.
why would he allow all of this
to happen? It's perplexing.
-Perhaps Brandt--
-Brandt is dead.
That's what I'm saying.
And I still can't forgive him.
Maybe you should just do what
the man says and just let it go.
I'm trying.
I say I forgive him.
but it's not real.
I'm here.
How long have I been asleep?
Long time.
Simon?
You're not dead.
Apparently the other timeline
didn't have much luck for me.
Are you hurt?
Uh. no. this is...
This is actually Jesus' blood.
What happened?
Can you take me to him?
It's too late.
He died on a cross.
-When?
-The day before yesterday.
Can you...
...take me to his tomb?
I want to see the resurrection.
-Resurrection?
-Please.
Help me get her up.
I really would have liked
to have killed you myself.
No need for concern.
Just getting
a little DNA for my lab.
Hey. that's gotta be it.
Amy. wake up. Hey. we're here.
That's it.
Hey. uh. are you feeling this?
It's happening.
He's risen.
It looks kind of like
a time transfer. I wonder if--
He's alive.
Go check it out.
Yeah. Come on.
Ahmed's men must
have stolen the body.
Man. you are in denial.
Why would Ahmed come in here.
steal the body.
and then neatly
fold up the linens?
Well. someone from
the future was here.
There are
glow sticks everywhere.
We have to clean this up.
Why. is that gonna mess
with the time continuum journey?
Yes. Exactly.
No...
It's okay. Amy.
It doesn't hurt anymore.
Thank you.
Why?
I don't understand.
Suppose a man has 100 sheep.
and one strays away.
Will he not leave the others
for a time to find the one?
And when he finds the one
and returns him safely home...
...will he not celebrate?
Ah. be careful.
You might be changing history.
Gone. Not here.
He has risen.
Yes.
Amy.
Hey.
Amy?
Ram. Ram!
Muchas gracias.
Thank you.
I can save her.
What are the odds
of that happening?
About a billion to one.
How did she end up
with a time retriever?
It must have been
Sabeer's or Brandt's.
It's time for my own
resurrection.
Ho-- hold on-- wait. hol--
You're not leaving me behind.
We could attempt
a double retrieval.
You mean. like.
when we retrieve for two people?
Mathematically. the odds
of that working are slim.
We might transfer into thin air.
And if we return successfully.
Ahmed will be waiting for us.
All right. stop sugar-coating.
let's go.
Take this.
Put your hand in here.
Three. two. one.
Hey! Oh. no. Simon.
I'll help you.
Oh.
Hang on.
I gotta deactivate the doors.
Don't worry. If I can run
the default program.
then none of what has happened
will have happened.
All these time continuums
will erase.
Einstein. initiate
mom and dad default.
Coordinates authorized.
Einstein. resync my retriever.
Retriever synced.
I gotta go.
The second I'm gone.
you have to destroy Einstein.
Fire into the hard drive.
Wait. Hey.
-Do you think he's legit?
-Who?
Jesus.
You're asking the wrong guy.
He said he believed he was God.
If he believed it.
then maybe you should too.
Should I?
He spoke English to you. man.
Who else could do that?
I'm mad at God for all of this.
How could I be mad
at something that doesn't exist?
Yeah. that's Ram logic.
I'm gonna fix this.
But if I can't...
...I'm sure he's got a place
for you in heaven.
It's probably a frat house...
...with lots of beer.
And sexy angels.
I think I like that.
Simon.
Simon!
I love you. brother.
-
Go after him!
You too. go.
Hmm.
You're so pathetic.
It's empty. imbecile.
Drop it.
Any last words before
I wipe that smirk off your face?
Chronologically speaking.
that would be an inaccurate
sequence of events.
You should go first.
-
Please.
I will kill your father
in seven seconds
if you do not give me that code.
Six. five...
Get down!
Hey. you alright?
We're fine. I've got a knife
in my front pocket.
Cut us loose.
Are you okay? What is going on?
I created a time machine.
-Ahmed used it to kill Jesus.
- What?
I have to go back
and kill Ahmed.
What?
-What are you talking about?
-I don't have time.
My time in this continuum
is expiring.
Bye.
Oh my God.
-Get Amy.
bring her to my office.
-I'm on it.
And you. I need proof.
I need something. Anything.
How can I trust in you?
You won't even show up.
Anything that happens
from this moment...
Brandt. meet me in my office.
Ram has escaped
and he's trying to kill me.
Toss your weapon over there.
Okay.
Get over there.
-Move.
-Be careful. be careful.
You killed my parents.
Now you're gonna pay.
I don't know what you're
talking about. It wasn't me.
You killed Amy.
Kid. I...
I haven't killed anyone.
You haven't done it yet.
But you're going to.
I would shoot you
right now but...
...but I can't get his words
out of my head.
Whose words?
All I was trying to do
is get trade secrets from you.
that you were stealing.
Whatever else happened...
that wasn't me.
Look. I...
I'm sorry that I hurt you.
You're just saying that
because I have a gun on you.
Kid.
I've lost everything
that I've ever loved.
I lost my wife.
I lost my little girls.
I'm doing things now that...
...I know that they would be
ashamed of me for.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I do kill Amy. I--
I don't know anymore.
But you pulling that trigger?
You'll be doing me a favor.
So do it.
Do it.
You don't deserve
my forgiveness.
You hurt me.
You killed Amy.
You're right.
Please...
...send me to my family.
Shoot me.
Please.
Just do it. do it. do it.
I have to do this... for me.
For Amy.
I--
I forgive you.
I-- I for-- I forgive you.
I did it.
Stay down. Stay down.
Dad. stop.
I chased Ahmed in here.
Drop your weapons
or I'll splatter her brains
all over the room.
Put your gun down
or I'll kill Brandt.
Be my guest.
- Ram!
Get the gun.
You know I'll stop at nothing
to get the secret
to time travel.
We've been through this before.
Go ahead and kill them.
He is lying. Let me just--
Forgive me
if I don't believe you.
-
- No!
-Either give me the code.
or his next shot will be
in her kneecaps.
Which is it?
Fine by me.
-Six. five...
- Stop. please. stop.
Who... who's talking to me?
Stop playing games.
No game.
I'm hearing a woman's voice.
She wants me
to deliver a message.
Okay. I'll play
your little game.
What's the message?
"Be a hero."
How sweet.
but totally irrelevant.
-Four. three...
-Stop. please. Just...
Change of heart?
Yes. yes.
Yes.
Please. I forgave Brandt.
If you're ever gonna show up.
now is the time.
Please.
-
How touching.
Two. one.
If you die before telling me.
I guarantee you they'll be
cursing your name from day
after day of torture.
No matter what I do...
you will still kill us all.
True.
But if you give me my code.
they die quickly.
Say goodbye to your mother.
No.
- Please.
You forgave Brandt! Forgive me!
Don't worry. you'll only be dead
in this time continuum.
Someone...
...roll me over.
Are you unable?
I-- I can't feel anything.
Move my head.
-Push the button on my jacket.
- Okay.
Urgent.
Everyone lay down your weapons.
Dr. McCoy.
-Yes. sir. I'm here.
- It's okay.
Ahmed. Sabeer. Kabil...
...and the in-house agents
are part of a terrorist network.
Champion Nashville...
-...is now in control.
-Copy that. sir. We're on it.
-
Ram?
Was it her?
-Who?
-Diane?
My wife.
Was she the voice you heard?
I-- I don't know.
British accent?
It's her.
Hang on. we're gonna get you
some help.
I don't have much time.
I need to know something.
Did I fix time?
Was it broken?
Yeah. badly.
Use your bible app
to read to me what happened
when they captured Jesus.
Okay.
"The man sees Jesus
and arrested him.
Then one of those standing near
drew his sword and struck
the servant of the high priest.
cutting off his ear."
Good. keep going.
"'Am I leading a rebellion?'.
said Jesus.
'that you have
come out with swords--'"
Skip that part.
"Then everyone
deserted him and fled.
A young man. wearing nothing
but a linen garment.
was following Jesus.
When they seized him.
he fled naked.
leaving his garment behind."
Tell him...
that we made history.
Tell who?
Remember the me
that was tied to the chair
in the original timeline?
Hey. guys. I think
you're gonna want to see this.
Well. this is me.
What just happened?
It's complicated.
I can't believe I let
you guys talk me into this.
Amy is convinced
that God allowed
everything that happened.
so that one man. Brandt.
would find his way back to God.
But he is now a paraplegic.
Not that I cared
that much about Brandt.
but from a purely
scientific perspective.
even the slightest
changes we made
traveling into the past
might have changed the present.
So if I could change
one small event
and restore everything
exactly the way it was. then...
-Hey. Be careful.
-...shouldn't I?
I'm like the smartest man
in the world.
What could possibly go wrong?
Okay. smartest man in the world.
Aren't you forgetting something?
I'm sorry. I love you.
And I love you.
but that's not
what you're forgetting.
That's not what
you're forgetting either.
Oh! You want to pray.
I probably should be praying
for you right now. but...
Right. thank God for you.
You should try to remember that.
Theoretically. I won't be able
to remember any of this
since the time continuum
is gonna--
Get off me. man. Get off me.
-Go.
-Okay.
Felix. fire it up.
I'm so sorry.
This job requires you
to have the ability
to do things that you can't.
I didn't know.
But I promise
I'll keep you in mind
if we ever need
an online consultant.
That's fine.
Video off.
Back to.
I'm the hero to others.
But I get nothing.
Please...
...have mercy.
Take me home.
You may not be saving the world.
but you're a hero to them
and you're my hero too. darling.
That British accent.
Hey...
...you okay?
I'm having this feeling...
...that God is going to do
something really
miraculous through you.
-
-You guys okay?
-We are.
-Am I seeing things?
-No. I saw him too.
Me too. He saved us. Daddy.
Was he an angel?
Girl. I don't know
what that was.
It is from Goldstein.
I think he's one of the kid
geniuses from the lab.
"Confidential. You are going
to need the FBI
and Homeland Security.
PS..."
"Time to be a hero."
Girls. I don't know what
just happened. but...
...I think God was
looking out for our family.
Stop! Wait.
On the back of the stop sign.
there was a second envelope
addressed to me.
The jump drive inside had
all the encrypted secrets
to time travel.
So I secretly built
another time machine.
This time I used it
to make billions.
So I could buy a starter home
and a small boat.
Curiosity overwhelmed me
and I sneaked a peek
at the future.
Recall when they gunned down
Amy and myself in lab 19?
Well...
What is she doing?
Sign language.
Okay. but what is she saying?
She is saying you're a moron.
How would she even know that?
Targets are down.
Let's go.
Amy.
Amy?
I'm gonna fix this.
I'm gonna get you help.
30 years into the future.
Emergency entrance.
Metro City Community Hospital.
Initiate in one minute.
Delete all files.
I got you.
We transferred
to the future.
but we weren't the only ones.
The Ahmed that was
in Jesus' tomb
also transported
before his timeline expired.
He brought Jesus' DNA with him.
Well. he was able
to clone Jesus.
Now this new Jesus
can raise the dead.
levitate objects.
manipulate the weather.
change molecular
structures and more.
Only one big problem:
he's quite
the opposite of Jesus.
That must be why they call him
the Anti-Christ.